Add document for hive functions (#17123)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/hive.rst

only scalar functions are currently supported.

Hive Scalar Functions
---------------------

.. note::

    Hive has two different interfaces for writing Hive UDFs.
    One is the basic UDF interface (deprecated) and the other
    is the GenericUDF interface.

    We currently only support the Hive built-in GenericUDF interface.

+---------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
|               | Hive Built-in Scalar Function     | External Hive Scalar Function     |
+---------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| udf           | get_json_object                   | facebook_get_json_object          |
+---------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+
| genericUdf    | str_to_map                        | facebook_str_to_map               |
+---------------+-----------------------------------+-----------------------------------+

See the `Hive Language Manual <https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/hive/languagemanual+udf>`_ for all hive scalar functions information.

Examples
--------

> Use hive function namespace ``hive.default`` to call the hive function.

Reviewer: Is this plugin enabled by default or do people need to set it up? If people need to setup the Hive function namespace to use it, please also document how to enable it.

Author: I added the description of the Hive function namespace plugin.

==============================
Hive Functions
==============================

> It is a way of reuse of the hive functions in presto. All of the hive
> function classes exist in presto or external storage. We encode / decode
> the parameters to transform the type between presto and hive, and then
> wrap the hive function as the presto function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Presto allows you to use the same UDFs that are available in your Hive deployment. All Hive UDFs may
exist in Presto or external storage. Parameters and return values are converted between the types expected in Presto
and Hive.
```

> The Hive Functions has 3 components:
> 
> * Hive Scalar Function
> * Hive Aggregation Function
> * Hive Window Function
> 
> We support hive built-in scalar function now.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: of the three supported Hive function types (scalar, windowing and aggregate functions), only scalar functions are currently supported.
```

Hive Scalar Functions
-----------------

.. note::

>     Hive has two different interfaces for writing Hive UDF.
>     One is the basic UDF interface (deprecated) and the other
>     is the GenericUDF interface.
> 
>     We support hive built-in GenericUDf now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Hive has two different interfaces for writing Hive UDF.
    One is the basic UDF interface (deprecated) and the other
    is the GenericUDF interface.

    We currently only support the Hive built-in GenericUDF.
```

Author: That's very nice of you!
I have modified the doc according to your comments and add some describes about the hive udf.
